Support T::Enum (#250)
chanzuckerberg/sorbet-rails: README.md

- [`find_n`, `first_n`, `last_n`](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/sorbet-rails#find-first-and-last)
- [`pluck_to_tstruct`](#pluck_to_tstruct-instead-of-pluck)

#### Enums

If you use [Rails enums](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_querying.html#enums), `sorbet-rails` will include getters, setters, and scope methods in the rbi file it generates.

> Alternatively, you can replace your call to `enum` with `typed_enum`. This will generate [`T::Enum`s](https://sorbet.org/docs/tenum) in your rbi in addition to the standard Rails methods.

Author: Shouldn't we call out the fact that `sorbet-rails` will generate T::Enum for all enums automatically?

You use `typed_enum` when you want to hide the default getter & setter that Rails provide to require people to use T::Enum.

Another note is that we only hide the signature of the getter from Sorbet. They are still usable at run-time.

- [`find_n`, `first_n`, `last_n`](https://github.com/chanzuckerberg/sorbet-rails#find-first-and-last)
- [`pluck_to_tstruct`](#pluck_to_tstruct-instead-of-pluck)

#### Enums

If you use [Rails `enum`](https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_record_querying.html#enums), `sorbet-rails` will generate a corresponding `T::Enum`. It will also include getters, setters, and scope methods in the rbi file it generates.

ie.

```ruby
  enum house: {
    Gryffindor: 0,
    Hufflepuff: 1,
    Ravenclaw: 2,
    Slytherin: 3,
  }
```

Will generate this enum:

```ruby
class Wizard::House < T::Enum
  enums do
    Gryffindor = new('Gryffindor')
    Hufflepuff = new('Hufflepuff')
    Ravenclaw = new('Ravenclaw')
    Slytherin = new('Slytherin')
  end
end
```

And these methods:

```ruby
  sig { returns(T.nilable(String)) }

>   def house; end

Author: we will also generate `typed_house` here.

Author: @ghiculescu do you think we should tell people that `typed_house` are added by default?

  sig { params(value: T.nilable(T.any(Integer, String, Symbol))).void }
  def house=(value); end
```

> Alternatively, you can replace your call to `enum` with `typed_enum`. This will hide the Rails methods (`house`) and replace them with getters & setters that expect a `T::Enum`, called `typed_house`:

Author: ```suggestion
Alternatively, you can replace your call to `enum` with `typed_enum`. This will hide the Rails methods (`house`) from Sorbet static-check (they are still usable in un-checked files).
```
